title=Mustang Mix

Oh!
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?)
Could U be, could U be, yeah, yeah
(It's plain 2 see U're the reason that God made a girl)
I can see (Oh yes U are)
When the day turns into the last day of all time (All time)
I can say I hope that U are in these arms of mine (In these arms of mine)
When the night falls before that day I will cry (Cry, cry, cry...)
I will cry tears of joy cuz after U all one can do is die (Die, die)
All I wanna do is die
Could U be?
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?) Oh yeah
Could U be? (Could U be, could U be?)
(It's plain 2 see U're the reason that God made a girl)
(Plain 2 see) Yeah
U're the reason, oh yes U are (Oh yes U are)
How can I go through days when I can't go through hours?
(I don't think that I could go through another)
I can try but when I do I see U and I'm devoured, oh yes
(When I see U baby, I just, I just, I just...)
(Wait a minute)
Who'd allow a face (a face) 2 be soft as a flower? Ooh, so soft
I could bow (bow down) and feel proud in the light of this power
(Baby U got the power, baby U got the power)
Power, power, power, oh, U got the power
(Could U be)
Hey, could U be, could U be, now, yeah?
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?)
Could U be? {x4} (Could U be?) {x2}
It's plain 2 see, hey!
(U're the reason that God made a girl )
Girl, girl, girl... oh, girl (Girl, oh girl, girl, oh girl)
Stars can fall one by one from the sky
Baby, all I know about is U and I
All wrapped up in - in each others' thighs
Baby, baby, let me feel the beauty inside
Come here, woman! Ow!
Could U be (could U be) the most beautiful girl in the world?
So beautiful, beautiful
It's plain 2 see (Plain 2 see) U're the reason that God made a girl
Ow ow ow!
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?)
Baby, could U be the most beautiful girl in the world? (Oh yeah)
(It's plain 2 see U're the reason that God made a girl)
It's plain 2 see
All around the world, God made a girl
If the stars ever fell one by one from the sky
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?)
I know Mars could not be 2 far behind
(It's plain 2 see U're the reason that God made a girl)
(Beautiful)
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?) Be
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?)
U know that, so show that (Wait a minute)
(Could U be the most beautiful girl in the world?)
Before I break, baby, I just wanna let U know
That whatever I do, whoever I'm with, wherever I go
U're the only one that moves me
Through summer rain or winter snow
U're the one that gives me courage 2 open up (Beautiful, beautiful)
Any door, or floor everytime U smile at me, everytime and oh
When I get your kisses, all I'm doin' is wishin' for some mo' (Beautiful, beautiful)
I just wanna make money so I can give it all 2 U, honey
I'm thinking about buyin' a boat (Beautiful, beautiful)
So U and me can be swept away (On a deep blue sea in August)
If I'm with U, I don't care if I never see another day
In this life or the next
U're the beginning, middle and the end
Who put the X in Sex? U baby
Honey, I never wanna see U cry
U're 2 bad 4 hell, 2 good 2 let heaven raise ya and U're mine
I gotta break 4 now, but I'll be back so U be good and keep it warm 4 me
Cuz U're the reason that God made a girl
The most beautiful girl in the world

.

